Improve readme (#29)
invertase/dart_custom_lint: README.md

Unfortunately, running `dart analyze` does not pick up our newly defined lints.  
We need a separate command for this.

> To do that, users of our custom lint package can run the following inside the application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do that, users of our custom lint package can run the following inside their terminal:
```
